[CCT-1506] Feature documentation for custom forecast (#37549)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloud_cost_management/planning/budgets.md

Learn more about how [forecasting][3] works and data requirements.

## Customize your budget forecast

> Datadog automatically generates a **Bits forecast** for each budget, projecting future costs from your historical spend. When you have knowledge that the automatic forecast cannot capture, such as a planned product launch, a migration, seasonal demand, or workloads being retired, you can override the Bits forecast with your own values. This override is called a **custom forecast**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog automatically generates a **Bits forecast** for each budget, projecting future costs from your historical spend. When you have knowledge that the Bits forecast cannot capture, such as a planned product launch, migration, seasonal demand, or retired workloads, you can override it with your own values. This override is called a **custom forecast**.
```

For [hierarchical budgets](#set-up-budgets), you edit custom forecast values at the child level. The parent level reflects the sum of its children.

Once set, your custom values take precedence over the Bits forecast on the budget status page, in the forecast totals on the Budgets page, and in [budget monitors][2].

### Add or edit custom forecast values

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "When creating a budget" %}}

1. Follow the steps in [Set up budgets](#set-up-budgets) to start creating a budget.
1. Toggle {{< ui >}}Customize Bits Forecast{{< /ui >}} to display forecast columns interleaved with the budget columns. Each month shows a {{< ui >}}Budget{{< /ui >}} column and a {{< ui >}}Forecast{{< /ui >}} column.

  {{< img src="cloud_cost/budgets/cust-fcst-during-create.png" alt="Toggle Customize Bits Forecast to display forecast columns" style="width:100%;">}}

1. Each forecast cell displays the Bits forecast as a gray placeholder. Enter a dollar amount to override it. Negative values are not allowed.

  {{< img src="cloud_cost/budgets/cust-fcst-during-create-table.png" alt="Toggle Customize Bits Forecast to display forecast columns" style="width:100%;">}}

> 1. The preview chart updates as you edit, so you can review the final forecast before saving.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Each forecast cell displays the Bits forecast as a gray placeholder. Enter a dollar amount to override it. Negative values are not allowed.

   The preview chart updates as you edit, so you can review the final forecast before saving.

  {{< img src="cloud_cost/budgets/cust-fcst-during-create-table.png" alt="Toggle Customize Bits Forecast to display forecast columns" style="width:100%;">}}

```

1. Click {{< ui >}}Save{{< /ui >}}.

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "When editing a budget" %}}

1. On the [Budgets page](https://app.datadoghq.com/cost/plan/budgets), click the edit icon for a budget.
1. The forecast columns appear automatically when you have the `ccm_forecast_write` permission. Each forecast cell displays your saved override, or the Bits forecast as a gray placeholder when no override exists.
1. Enter or change a dollar amount in any forecast cell. Negative values are not allowed.
1. To compare your overrides against the original automatic values, toggle {{< ui >}}Show Bits AI forecast{{< /ui >}} to display a read-only Bits AI column next to each forecast column.

> 1. Click {{< ui >}}Save{{< /ui >}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the [Budgets page][1], click the edit icon for a budget.

   The forecast columns appear automatically if you have the `ccm_forecast_write` permission. Each forecast cell displays your saved override, or the Bits forecast as a gray placeholder when no override exists.

1. Enter or change a dollar amount in any forecast cell. Negative values are not allowed.
1. To compare your overrides against the original automatic values, toggle {{< ui >}}Show Bits AI forecast{{< /ui >}} to display a read-only Bits AI column next to each forecast column.
1. Click {{< ui >}}Save{{< /ui >}}.

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/cost/plan/budgets
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> While editing, the appearance of a forecast cell indicates its state:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While editing, the appearance of each forecast cell indicates its state:
```

| Cell appearance | Meaning |
|---|---|
| Gray text | Bits forecast placeholder: no override is set for this cell. |
| Black text | A saved custom forecast override. |
| Black text with a blue outline | An override you entered but have not saved yet. |

To remove an override, clear the cell. The cell reverts to the gray Bits forecast placeholder.

> <div class="alert alert-info">Datadog saves the budget first, and then the custom forecast. If the budget saves but the custom forecast does not, a notification prompts you to retry from the edit page.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">Datadog saves the budget first, and then saves the custom forecast. If the budget saves but the custom forecast does not, a notification prompts you to retry from the edit page.</div>
```

### How custom forecasts are used

> - **Budget status**: The budget status page and the forecast totals on the Budgets page include your custom forecast.
> - **Budget monitors**: [Budget monitors][2] when evaluating, a custom forecast takes precedence over the Bits forecast when one is present.
> - **CSV export**: Downloading a budget as CSV includes the custom forecast values where it was set.
> - **Deleting a budget**: Deleting a budget also deletes its associated custom forecast values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Budget status**: The budget status page and the forecast totals on the Budgets page include your custom forecast.
- **Budget monitors**: When [budget monitors][2] evaluate, a custom forecast takes precedence over the Bits forecast when one is present.
- **CSV export**: Downloading a budget as a CSV includes the custom forecast values where they are set.
- **Deleting a budget**: Deleting a budget also deletes its associated custom forecast values.
```
